Pengo Advance

Gameplay ideas:

1.) Initially game will play like the original with single layer walls and simple baddies.
2.) As the game progresses simple bad guys will increase in speed.
3.) After two levels a new bad guy will be introduced who will actively hunt down the player.
4.) Four levels into the game and multi-layer walls will be introduced.  The player must intice a new tougher bad guy to punch away the lower block causing the higher block to crush him from above.  This is the only way he can be killed.
5.) The new bad guy can also push single blocks at you.
6.) Pushing multi column blocks slows the player considerably.
7.) Later in the game special multi-column blocks can be pushed over to crush enemies and allow access to new areas.
8.) The player can jump now but not over blocks.  He needs to jump into the special columns to push them over.
9.) New obstacles will be introduced including freezing/melting pads.  Freezing pads will freeze the player temporarily.  Melting pads will melt any blocks pushed over them.
10.) Icy floors will make an appearance making controlling Pengo much harder.
11.) A new bubble gun will temporarily disable bad guys allowing the player to escape.  However these and their ammo are limited.
12.) Holes in the floor are fatal to both the player and enemies.  They can be filled to pushing block over them.
13.) A rocket properlled penguin token will allow the player to destroy anything in his path including blocks and bad guys.  The time-limit on this powerup is very strict however.
14.) Gameplay will be viewed from a slightly angled top view showing off transparency effects without obstructing the player's view too much.
15.) Bonuses are contained in blocks and include the aforementioned bubble gun and rocket penguin plus extra life and more time.
16.) As the levels progress the player will have less time to clear all of the bad guys.  Once time has run out the level will collapse tile by tile eventually sending Pengo plumetting to his doom.

